# Mental Health in the Technology Industry
In this study, I provided a comprehensive view about how employees have perceived the tech industry's treatment of mental health issues in the workplace over the past few years. I obtained my data from Open Sourcing Mental Illness (OSMI), as their research website contains yearly surveys (2014, 2016-2019) about mental health in the tech industry. The data can be found here: https://osmihelp.org/research. Through temporal analysis, I showed that most employee perceptions of how tech companies are treating mental health have not changed over time. There is still a clear stigma about discussing mental health issues in the workplace with coworkers and supervisors that has not significantly improved since 2014, even though many more people have been advocating for elevating the discussion around mental health in recent years. However, it seems like tech companies have started to address some of the aspects that are lacking in their treatment of mental health, as the analysis illustrated that there was an upward trend in the percentage of employees who indicated that their companies are offering resources to seek help, discussing mental health as a part of employee wellness programs, and making it easier for employees to take medical leave for a mental health issue from 2014 to 2019. 

I also compared numerous classification models to find the best models to predict mental illness in employees from certain characteristics of employers related to mental health and other factors like gender and family history. Models like K-Nearest Neighbors and L1 Penalized Logistic Regression seemed to perform relatively well and could potentially be used to predict mental illness based on analogous characteristics in similar surveys. These models could also be generalized to other workplaces, not necessarily tech companies, as none of the characteristics used in modeling were specific to the tech industry. Tech companies still need to do a better job of supporting their employees' mental health, but this study provides insights about what tech companies need to improve on and a model to help employees who potentially have a mental illness get the help they need.
